So in order to create an actual user that will be added into our users database, we're going to do
something really cool.
Let's go back to our login screen view model and where we create user with email right after we know
that this is successful.
We're going to do as follow, let's say, foul, I'm going to create a variable called display name.
OK, so what I'm going to do here is let's take this task object.
This task object has a lot of information, as you will see someone say task that I'm going to get the
result and then I'm going to go ahead and get the user that was just created right like this.
And then I'm going to go and get the email that user.
But I don't want just email.
What I'm going to do is the email is usually something like this me.
See me at Gmail.
Dot com.
What I'm going to do is said I want to just get the name right.
The username of the person.
And then create a display name and then get rid of anything else after that.
All right.
So to do that, I'm going to use the split function can pass regular expression there to say, where
do we want to split this from?
I want to split things from the at character.
In fact, let me just put inside of a character.
Perhaps this will be better.
Say at like this.
OK, now we have some issues here because we need to make sure that we replace with safe.
And so what this will return actually will return an array that will divide everything from this side.
Like this?
So what I'm going to do now.
This is going to be index zero and the rest is going to be index one, so I just won the index zero,
which is going to be the actual display, name or username.
All right.
So I'm just going to go ahead and say, get the index zero item.
Looks like we need to replace with safe like this.
OK.
All right.
So now I should have something just like this me for the display name, and I'm going to use that then
to pass it along this other method, I'm going to create another function called Create.
User and when it passed, the display name was go ahead and create this, create user function and there
it is, was created.
And what is that want to happen here?
One, we're going to obviously add this user.
As an object here in our database.
But for that, we need a few pieces of information.
Number one, as we add these users, we also want to be able to have a field right that will be that
will contain the user ID.
If you go back to our authentication here, you'll see that our User ID or our users, they all have
this you ID here.
So this is their ID, unique ID.
So we want to get married.
And so when we create this it or we're going to be adding into our user base, we want to attach it
just like we have first name and last name.
We want to attach it as a user ID.
OK.
For this user.
So how do we do this?
Well, I'm going to say Val, let's say user ID.
I can get that from us object because it knows everything really and say current user and get the UI
ID because it has the reference of the current user.
It's logged in because at this point we have logged in user and off holds that user ID with it.
Like an obsession?
OK, let's go ahead and replace like this, no labels.
OK, so next, now we are going to create.
Then the user that we want to pass along here so we can then save it.
How do we create that user object?
Now, remember to save anything into our user database here and into our.
There are certain types that need to be created.
In this case, we need a hash map.
So for now, I'm just going to create a vowel called user.
It's just going to be a mutable.
Map of.
Can have string and any like this.
We're going to change this in a way, but then I can see user for the key, I'm going to say.
User underscore I.D. When I said that to a user ID that we're passing, we've got there.
To string.
It looks like that's what's going to happen.
And I'm going to say user again.
Let's just say display name for now, display name like this, and this is going to be display name
that we're passing there.
OK, I can just go ahead and see like this or just say to a string, I'm going to just say to string
to specify the type.
All right.
So now we have our user, which is going to be a map, which are the type, which is the type that is
needed for Firebase.
So now it's easy for me to go and do the following.
I'm going to say Firebase stingier to Firebase Firestorm.
That's what we need, by the way.
Say Dot, get instance like this and I'm going to create a collection and the collection is going to
be users.
OK?
And then when I see that ad in this case, when add our user.
So now this create user is going to be called any time the moment that when we create a user with emailing
and password, the moment we know this task is successful, we are going to remove all the junk from
our email and so forth and get the first item before the at sign to make that our display name.
And we're going to pass that along to our Create user, which in turn takes that wraps it inside of
a mutable map of.
And then we're passing the user ID.
And with that.
So now we should have a user when we add this.
That's going to have a user play name or display name and a user ID.
Of course, later we're going to add other fields and so forth.
But this is just for testing.
Let's go ahead and run this.
All right, let's go ahead.
We need to sign up again, because that's that's how all of this will work.
And.
Say Rafael.
I mean, come.
Let's go ahead and say click.
And while we went home, that means everything worked, and we should have we go back to our users when
a refresh for goes well, we should see, another user added.
In fact, I think I didn't have to refresh at all because I was a user who was already added there.
I think, OK.
There we go.
There it is.
You see, there's Rafael and we have the user I.D., which is awesome in these user ID.
Be 80g Jay-Z.
Let's go to our arth.
And she'd have the same ID.
Awesome.
You'll see the advantages will have later to what we have right now.
This is really, really good.
All right.
Congratulations.
So it wasn't that hard.
You see here, once we have this system, all of the parts put together, right?
It's really easy to get everything around everything up and start using it so you can look at the far
base of our story.
It's really easy to use.
It's not real.
They're hardly setting up.
Can, you know, take a little bit of time and you have to be a little bit careful?
But once everything is set up, it's really, really easy to create to use the back end here, create
all database.
Users database.
We can create other collections, obviously, but we have this database, which has collections, we
have users and so forth, and we can create authenticate users and create users and log them in.
And all of that is given.
We didn't have to create all of these infrastructure ourselves, which is really awesome.
All right.
So we're able then to actually create our users and add them into our users.
Collection here.